yaml,json,msgpack,net.box: added __serialize and cfg details (#5639)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/json.rst

        | ``cfg.decode_max_depth``        |  128    | Max recursion depth for decoding           |
        +---------------------------------+---------+--------------------------------------------+

.. important::

    **cfg.decode_save_metatables**. Decoder uses globally defined tables as metatables for arrays and maps.
    You must not change entries of ``decode()`` result's table metatable, because it affects all results

>     and may lead to undefined behaviour of other code. See :ref:`Yaml <yaml-cfg>` for detailed example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and may lead to undefined behavior of other code. See :ref:`Yaml <yaml-cfg>` for a detailed example.
```
